Alright, thanks everyone for joining. Let’s get started.
Yes, thanks Karim. We’ve been reviewing our current systems internally.
Great. From what we understood, your main issue is around performance and scalability.
Exactly. Especially on peak hours, we are seeing delays on transactions.
That makes sense. Your current architecture looks quite monolithic from what you shared.
Yes, it’s something we’ve been wanting to move away from for a while now.
We usually handle this by introducing microservices gradually, not a full rewrite.
Okay, and how does that impact timelines? We’re under some pressure internally.
For a first phase, we’re looking at around 10 to 12 weeks, depending on priorities.
Alright. And in terms of security, especially for payments?
We’ll integrate standard authentication layers and comply with banking requirements.
Sounds good. Let’s move forward with a more detailed proposal.